Add docs to a separate PR for review (#5153)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/hipdnn/docs/how-to/migrate-cudnn.rst

Key differences cuDNN vs. hipDNN
================================

Review this table to see a high-level overview of the differences between cuDNN vs. hipDNN:

.. list-table::
   :widths: 3 3 3 
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Aspect
     - cuDNN frontend
     - hipDNN frontend
   * - Namespace
     - ``cudnn_frontend``
     - ``hipdnn_frontend``
   * - Handle creation
     - ``cudnnCreate(&handle)``
     - ``hipdnnCreate(&handle``
   * - Handle destruction
     - ``cudnnDestroy(handle)``
     - ``hipdnnDestroy(handle)``
   * - Heuristics modes
     - All cuDNN heuristic modes
     - Currently only ``HeurMode_t::FALLBACK``
   * - Operation support
     - All cuDNN operations
     - See `Operation support <https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-libraries/blob/develop/projects/hipdnn/docs/OperationSupport.md>`_ for more information.
   * - Device memory utility
     - ``Surface<type>``
     - ``MigratableMemory<type>``
   * - Device memory access
     - ``Surface<type>::devPtr``
     - ``MigratableMemory<type>::deviceData()``

Migrate your cuDNN project
==========================

Before you begin, you should have hipDNN built and installed.

> See :ref:`install` for more information. Here's an MVP (minimum viable product) example of a hipDNN project in ``CMakeLists.txt``:

Reviewer: This reference points at an incorrect procedure; it will need to be updated once we have the correct procedure avaiilable.

> See :ref:`install` for more information. Here's an MVP (minimum viable product) example of a hipDNN project in ``CMakeLists.txt``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See :ref:`install` for more information. Here's a minimal example of a hipDNN project in ``CMakeLists.txt``:
```

Author: applied

.. code:: cmake

  cmake_minimum_required(VERSION <your_minimum>)

  project(my_hipdnn_project VERSION 1.0.0 LANGUAGES CXX)
  set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD 17)

  # CRITICAL: Enable PIC for plugin system compatibility

>   set(CMAKE_POSITION_INDEPENDENT_CODE ON)

Reviewer: ~~Enabling PIC is not required for a minimal hipDNN frontend project; it is required for plugin development projects though. These lines can be removed.~~

It sounds like these lines are needed, but they are missing in the matching section of quickstart.rst.

This minimal example should match the example provided in the quickstart.rst file. Other than this line to enable PIC, they appear to be the same.

What approach do you recommend for managing this duplicated example in these user docs?

Author: Addressed in the next comment

  # Find required packages
  find_package(hipdnn_frontend CONFIG REQUIRED)

  # Create executable
  add_executable(my_app main.cpp)

  # Link libraries
  target_link_libraries(my_app PRIVATE
      hipdnn_frontend
  )

Build commands:

.. code:: bash

  mkdir build && cd build
  cmake .. -DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=/opt/rocm -GNinja

>   ninja

Reviewer: These commands (and this section) can be removed; users will know how to build their project.

Author: Removed

.. tip::

>   See `Working examples in the Porting Guide <https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-libraries/blob/develop/projects/hipdnn/docs/PortingGuide.md#working-examples>`_ for ported code samples.

Reviewer: This raises the question of which folder in projects/hipdnn this PortingGuide.md file should be located in.

It would fit best in projects/hipdnn/docs because it is being referenced here, from the release user docs. From prior discussions though, we may not want to have docs that aren't published to the AMD web site in the docs folder.

@mattwill-amd What options do you see feasible in this situation?

Author: As discussed, we can keep the docs in a separate folder within `docs`, such as `user-guides/docs`. Any warnings that come from the linter can be suppressed.

>   See `Working examples in the Porting Guide <https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-libraries/blob/develop/projects/hipdnn/docs/PortingGuide.md#working-examples>`_ for ported code samples.

Reviewer: The linked porting guide appears significantly different from the content on this page. I'm not sure if it would be preferred to update the content here to match the content from that .md file, or to remove the content here and direct the user to that guide.

@mattwill-amd What are your thoughts on this?

Author: We should solidify the goal of these user guides (non-ROCm docs website) docs. 

- Do the docs on the ROCm site make the internal repo docs obsolete? 
- Should our content strategy center around the ROCm docs, while using the internal docs as a supplement?

I think this is up to your team. The ROCm docs team is agnostic to strategies around any docs that teams create specifically for the repos. We don't typically edit these docs, or provide any opinions on them (unless you want those opinions, of course :)).

If you prefer this specific page to stay in the format provided in the `.md` file, then we should remove it from the ROCm docs site and just point users towards it in the repo. Otherwise, if it stays in this format, then it needs to be edited to match our ROCm docs standards.
